docs(examples): add `leaflet` example (#4137)
remix-run/remix: examples/leaflet/README.md

> # TODO: Example app with leaflet map

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Example app with leaflet map
```

This is a very basic example of remix app with leaflet map.

- [Remix Docs](https://remix.run/docs)

## Preview

Open this example on [CodeSandbox](https://codesandbox.com):

[![Open in CodeSandbox](https://codesandbox.io/static/img/play-codesandbox.svg)](https://codesandbox.io/s/github/remix-run/remix/tree/main/examples/leaflet)

## Example

This example shows how to use Leaflet with Remix.

Relevant files:

- [app/client-only.tsx](app/client-only.tsx)
- [app/map.client.tsx](app/map.client.tsx)

Leaflet cannot be rendered on the server side, so we're using the `ClientOnly` component to display a skeleton instead.

> It's important to add the `.client.tsx` suffix on `Map` component. Otherwise, a similar error will be displayed:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's important to add the `.client.tsx` suffix to the `Map` component file name, otherwise, you will get this error:
```

```
Error [ERR_REQUIRE_ESM]: require() of ES Module /remix/examples/leaflet/node_modules/react-leaflet/lib/index.js from /remix/examples/leaflet/build/index.js not supported.
```

Make sure you don't import the leaflet styles from `node_modules`, but use a CDN link ([https://unpkg.com/leaflet@1.8.0/dist/leaflet.css](https://unpkg.com/leaflet@1.8.0/dist/leaflet.css)).

> The styles from `node_modules` will cause map assets issues (ex: 404 for marker icons)

Reviewer: In my app, I solved this by hosting the icons in my `public` folder.

Could you rephrase this so that it doesn't sound like using CSS from the CDN is the *only* possible option?

Author: Thanks, @machour for reviewing it! I updated the README.file. I hope now is better :D

## Related Links

> Link to documentation or other related examples.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
